Instructions Part I: You are a social worker in a facility that cares for older people, several of whom have Alzheimer’s disease. Your facility has been asked to take part in an experimental drug study. The MEDTECH Corporation has developed an experimental drug that has shown promising laboratory results for arresting and, in some cases, even reversing the disease. The drug is limited in supply, so only one individual can be selected from among the eligible participants. All of the eligible participants have been evaluated and have been designated as “acceptable” candidates. Review the desсrіptions of the six individuals and then assign a rank to each of the eligible candidates with the rank of 1 indicating the highest priority and rank of 6 indicating the lowest priority. As you are considering your rankings, please be as truthful as possible. Often the reasons behind the decisions we make help us to identify areas for growth as well as areas of strength. The objective of this exercise is to help identify our biases so that we know what they are as we move forward this semester. Being aware of our biases (and we all have them!) helps us to be better social work practitioners. Eligible Candidates Richard: White, male, married, age 66. A lawyer who has spent most of his professional career organizing and staffing an inner-city legal aid agency for poor people. Both of his children are dead, having been tragically killed a year ago on their way to visit him. He is the sole guardian of a granddaughter who has Down syndrome and who comes to visit him when possible. Evie: African American, female, divorced, age 61. A former school teacher and part-time employee in a convenience store. Evie raised four children on her own, all of whom are in college, some close to graduating from college. The oldest child, a daughter, has been accepted into medical school at Harvard. Martin: White, male, age 63. Research immunologist at a prestigious university. He is on the verge of a significant medical breakthrough on AIDS. He is an active community leader and a strong supporter of causes that advocate for the physically challenged. He has no children. His wife is an invalid who is virtually bedridden following a stroke 10 years ago. Clara: White, female, age 63. Never married, mother of five children. She lived on public assistance most of her life. Spent a brief time on probation for shoplifting. Lived with her sister, who is a social worker in a protective child care agency. Monica: African American, female, age 67. Former director of a symphony orchestra. A talented singer and pianist. Was an active member of NOW. Never married, spent all of her free time as a volunteer in a women’s shelter. Jerry: Hispanic, male, naturalized American, age 64. Widowed, father of three children, intellectually limited, was a parking lot attendant. Was saving to eventually own his own parking lot. Ranking rank the candidate according to the priorities. Richard Evie Martin Clara Monica Jerry Part II: Initial Post After you rank the study participants, please share your rankings with your colleagues via a discussion board post. In your post, identify your rationale for your ranking of the participants. Also, share how your values determined whom you selected to receive the dose and why: for example, your family of origin, friend group, or other factors such as religious beliefs, media, and other influences that may have informed your values, which, in turn, influence your thinking, biases, and rationale for choices you make. This is true for all of us. Keep in mind that it may not feel good to articulate some of the rationales. However, becoming more comfortable with identifying bias and values can lead to more effective social work practice. (Initial Post Due by Thursday at 11:59 PM EDT